So you're gonna have some challenges when it comes to your leadership
styles between military and civilian or even contractors or government
employees. Military. A lot of times that's very cut and dry on what
you you can do with them and your leadership styles, how you can
award them and reward them as well as what you can do with them punitively.
Ah, when you start dealing with civilians, there's certain lines
that you just can't cross. Ah, that you might have to understand
what their actual statement of work is and where their lateral lines
and limits are, because what you think you could ask a military person
to do they will be able to do. But a particular civilian, whether
government employee or contractor, is pretty much limited to what
their statement of work says that they can dio. If you start asking
them to do things out of that scope, you can get them in trouble.
You can get yourself in trouble so you really gotta understand. You
know what their limits are and then work around that and understand
that you can't necessarily hold them to the same punitive standard as
you could. A military member, But they also do have their avenues
to where Let's say you do have a civilian employee who is not meeting.
The standard is becoming difficult. Obviously, you can't discipline
them yourself. You might have to go directly to their supervisor
or the the contract supervisor, whoever their program manager is and
begin to have that dialogue and say you're having difficulties with
the civilian employees and what are the next steps that you can do
to rectify the situation?